# YTClipPlaylist

YTClipPlaylist is a Vue.js-based web application designed to enhance the experience of watching long YouTube videos by allowing users to create and view playlists of selected video segments. This tool is particularly useful for viewers interested in specific parts of lengthy videos, such as highlights from sports events, key moments in conferences or tutorials, and much more.

## Features

Users can expect to achieve the following with YTClipPlaylist:

- **Segment Selection**: Easily select segments from any YouTube video by specifying start and end times. Users can mark segments while watching the video, ensuring precision and convenience.
- **Playlist Creation**: Compile the selected segments into a personalized playlist. Each segment can be labeled for easy identification.
- **Seamless Viewing Experience**: Navigate through selected segments without having to manually search for them in the full video. Enjoy an uninterrupted viewing experience focusing on the content that matters most to you.

## Services

YTClipPlaylist offers two main services:

1. **Video Segment Selector**: A tool that loads a YouTube video into a player where users can set start and end times for multiple segments. This service outputs a JSON file containing the list of video segments, including URLs, start/end times, and optional labels.

2. **Video Segment Player**: Utilizes the JSON file generated by the Segment Selector to display a custom YouTube player. Users can navigate through their curated list of video segments, play them individually or consecutively, and filter by labels for efficient access to desired content.

## Technical Information

### Project Setup

To get started with YTClipPlaylist, clone the repository and install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

### Development

For development purposes, compile and hot-reload with:

```
npm run serve
```

This command serves the app locally for development, with live reloading on changes.

### Production Build

To compile and minify the project for production:

```
npm run build
```

This step optimizes the application for the best performance. The build is minified, and filenames include the hashes.

### Linting

Ensure code consistency and catch errors with:

```
npm run lint
```

### Configuration

For further customization and advanced configuration options, see the Vue CLI [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

## Contribution

Contributions to YTClipPlaylist are welcome! Whether it's feature requests, bug fixes, or code contributions, please feel free to reach out or submit a pull request.

## License

YTClipPlaylist is released under [MIT License](LICENSE.md).
